We are almost there.
You have come really far.
You have learned about data pipelines,
next you explored data requirements,
you delved into gathering and understanding data needs of data consumers.
Your next destination was data producers.
You explored different sources of data,
types of data producers,
and type of data they were producing.
You also learned about entity data and even data,
structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data.
This lesson we'll touch on certain aspects we have not yet looked into.
This lesson will help you put all the pieces of data infrastructure puzzle together.
In this lesson, we will talk about,
processing pieces, ETL versus ELT.
We will also talk about,
when do you need to transform data before loading,
and when it is better to load data first.
Next we will discuss data storage.
What database or data warehouse or data lake mean.
How do you select a DB,
or how do you select a data warehouse or data lake,
and when to choose which type of storage.
After that, we will discuss strategy piece of it.
When do you build Tech?
When should you buy it?
What should be the use case for open source,
and when using commercial is better?
How should you choose between Cloud or on-prem?
Then to insource and then to outsource?
We'll wrap this course and lesson with most important topic,
and that will be security and compliance.